# Wordpress SASS/Compass/HAML theme skeleton

## A little introduction

* `src/stylesheets`: Put your SASS files here. Will be compiled into `public/src`;
* `src/views`: Put your HAML views here. These are compiled using PHamlP, so check its documentation to know everything about its (little) syntax differences;
* `public/images`: Put here all the theme's images. SASS will recognize them properly if you use the `image-url()` helper;
* `index.php`: That's the default WP entrypoint. Call `render_view('view_name')` to.. well.. render the views you need. You can replicate the same behaviour on `single.php`, `page.php`, etc, or you can put everything in `index.php` and check what's the current page with all the `is_XXX()` WP functions;
* `helpers.php`: Your views should contain less PHP code as possible (that's why HAML makes it so hard to write it). If you need to do something bigger than 3 rows, then refactor it. Transform it into a function and  place it in this file. Please, review the `lib/helpers.php` file in order to see all the helpers this theme already provides you;
* `init/*.php`: All the Wordpress initializations must be placed here. A few initializers are already provided: `custom_fields.php`, `custom_post_types.php`, `hooks.php` and `site_options.php`
* `functions.php`: Do not touch this file, unless you need to require a new `init/*.php` file.

## Installation

    cd my_wordpress_installation/wp-content/themes
    git clone git://github.com/welaika/wp_sass_haml.git my_brand_new_theme
    cd my_brand_new_theme
    bundle install --path .bundle
    bundle exec guard

Now your SASS files are guarded, and will be compiled as soon as you save them.